Add add-license-headers to docs (#392)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/coding-style/formatting-tools.rst

    to print as a report when checking ends.

Add-license-headers
-------------------

> The goal of `add-license-headers` is to add and update license headers for files with
> `REUSE <https://reuse.software/>`_. By default, the hook runs on proto files in
> any directory, as well as python files within directories named ``src``, ``examples``,
> and ``tests``. The license that is added to the files can be found in the
> `ansys/pre-commit-hooks repository - MIT.txt
> <https://github.com/ansys/pre-commit-hooks/blob/main/src/ansys/pre_commit_hooks/assets/LICENSES/MIT.txt>`_.
> See the `README <https://github.com/ansys/pre-commit-hooks/blob/main/README.rst>` file more information
> on how to customize the hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of ``add-license-headers`` is to add and update license headers for files with
`REUSE <https://reuse.software/>`_. By default, the hook runs on PROTO files in
any directory, as well as Python files within the ``src``, ``examples``, and ``tests`` directories.

You can find the MIT license that is added to the files in `ansys/pre-commit-hooks repository - MIT.txt
<https://github.com/ansys/pre-commit-hooks/blob/main/src/ansys/pre_commit_hooks/assets/LICENSES/MIT.txt>`_.
For information on customizing the hook, see the `README <https://github.com/ansys/pre-commit-hooks/blob/main/README.rst>` file.
```
